# Jan. 16th 2020 Kick-off Meeting (Group 29)

## Meeting Details

- Type of meeting: kick-off
- Members present: Allen Zou, Andy Young, Annika Hatcher, Arman Mansourian, Don Wolfson, Enrique Gan, Justin Lee, Liam Stone, Teresa Truong
- Mmebers absent: Sim (TA)
- Meeting location: ZOOM
- Start/finish time: 3:00 PM PST - 4:30 PM PST

## Meeting Goals

1. Management - Group Contract
   1. [Link to Assignment](https://canvas.ucsd.edu/courses/21783/assignments/259304)
   2. Edit Google Doc to collaborate on norms and rules that we are all willing to follow.
      1. Upload rules to `admin/misc/rules.md` once finished.
      2. [Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AtCwbsk5eJbiiggr-aRm7YkGLwxmhNkCVzaIATftHgo/edit?usp=sharing)
   3. [Helpful Resource](https://ohiostate.pressbooks.pub/feptechcomm/chapter/7-project-communications/) on creating a teamwork agreement.
   4. Homework: Add your signed version of the rules to `admin/misc/rules-FirstLast.pdf`.
      1. Due before Jan 21st since we all need a screenshot of ALL signed agreements.
2. Management - Group Kickoff, Repo and Meeting Prep
   1. [Link to Assignment](https://canvas.ucsd.edu/courses/21783/assignments/267399)
   2. Discuss Promodoro clock, and make sure everyone understand the current project.
   3. Discuss future meetings time, is Friday at 4:00PM good?
   4. Group Roles
3. Manage - Page and Video
   1. [Link to Assignment](https://canvas.ucsd.edu/courses/21783/assignments/259312)
   2. Introduce & set up GitHub Wiki
   3. Make a Team Name/Brand
   4. Begin adding our roster to GitHub Wiki
   5. Discuss the video

## Meeting Notes

1. Management - Group Contract:
   1. For any up-to-date rules/norms, please refer to the actual `rules.md` file.
   2. Agreed that the primary form of communication will be on Slack.
      1. Asked everyone to download the Phone app to get notifications incase of any urgent issues.
      2. Expect responses within 24 hours to major notifications.
   4. Discuss General Responsiblities,
      1. Agreed that everyone will put at least on norm/rule they believe should be followed in this section after meeting due to time consraints.
   6. Discussed Conflict Resolution:
      1. Simple 5-4 majority votes on group based conflicts.
      2. Personal conflicts details in the rules.md file.
 2. Management - Group Kickoff, Repo and Meeting Prep
   1. Discussed what needed to be submitted for the kick-off assignment. Will likely be able to be turned in by Monday.
   2. Meetings will be held Fridays, 4:00pm regurlarly, Ad-hoc meetings may be needed, but try to handle issues on Slack as much as possible.
   3. Discussing specific concepts about the project should be on Github using the issues tab.
      1. If something requires lots of back and forth, use the Slack `# github-issues` channel.
   4. Discussed Specific Roles,
      1. Agreed that we need to know more about the project and each other before assigning roles. Will be likely done by the end of the following week.
 3. Manage - Page and Video
   1. Spent the ending of the meeting attempting to record for the video. Decided to asysnchronous recordings and sent them to Teresa. More details about what to submit in the Slack channel.

## Tasks to complete

- Everyone:
   1. Review [Rules Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AtCwbsk5eJbiiggr-aRm7YkGLwxmhNkCVzaIATftHgo/edit?usp=sharing), add one norm/rule that you believe we would/should all follow.
   2. Edit the [Team Skills Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FR5pI3Ucdy0-Y-BLFndcWxXcLjBmONAhhIdjr4WDZJQ/edit) with any relevant skills to help decide roles.
   3. Record 10-15 second clip following Teresa's format in the `# group-video` channel.
   4. Upload you're signed PDF of the `rules.md` file (I think this requires @DonaldWolfson to upload the actual rules.md file of the Google Doc).
   5. Upload link of the repo for the `Management - Group Kickoff, Repo and Meeting Prep` assignment, once this is pushed, the repo should meet all requirements for this assignment.
   6. Vote for a team name in the general channel on Slack.
   7. Add your entry to our group Wiki page.

- Donald:
   1. Upload finalized Rules Google Doc to: `/admin/misc/rules.md`
      1. Let everyone know so that thtey can push their signed PDF for their assignmet.

- Teresa:
    1. Push the finalized/edited video of our group to `/admin/videos/teamintro.mp4`
       1. Let everyone know so that they can submit the screenshot/url as proof for the assignment.
