# Jan. 19th 2020 Group Wiki Finalizing (Group 29 aka Pomato)

## Meeting Details

- Type of meeting: Impromptu Meeting
- Members present: Allen Zou, Arman Mansourian
- Members absent: Andy Young, Annika Hatcher, Don Wolfson, Enrique Gan, Justin Lee, Liam Stone, Teresa Truong, Sim (TA)
- Meeting location: ZOOM
- Start/finish time: 7:00 PM PST - 8:30 PM PST

## Meeting Goals

1. Add team name to Wiki page.
2. Add brief intro paragraph to group Wiki page.
3. Brainstorming things based on what we currently know in the class and anticipating what may come in the future (everything below #1 in the meeting notes).

## Meeting Notes

1. Spend a bit of time on our team page  
    - Our poll shows that most people want to name the team "Pomato," which we added to parts of our page, and video.  
    - Wrote a brief introduction that discusses our values in the group. Intentionally made it cheesy for the memes.  

2. Discussion on roles:  
    - Possible distribution of roles:  
        - one or two (?) people on UI/UX.  
        - one or two (?) people on design and planning.  
        - two or three (?) people on dev team.  
        - one or two (?) people on devops/testing.  
        - ...  
    - Alternatively, we also talked about having roles flexible/interchangable, allowing people to have two+ roles, and pairing people up for roles... Examples below:  
        - design and planning/developer role because the person planning may best know know how to implement what they want.  
        - design and planning/testing role because the person planning could also best know the potential locations to test.  
        - developer/testing role because the developer will be the one who runs into obscure cases that need to be tested.  
        - ...  

3. Suggested roles for the next weekly meeting based on [Skills Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FR5pI3Ucdy0-Y-BLFndcWxXcLjBmONAhhIdjr4WDZJQ/edit):
    - Justin, Andy, Enrique, Annika and Don have the most relevant **dev** skills for this course (JavaScript, HTML, CSS, etc.).
    - Arman, Allen, Liam, and Teresa may want to work on devops, testing, design/planning, or UI/UX.

4. The following were things Arman and Allen briefly discussed outside the notes above:  
    - Some of our reasonings for the suggested roles above:  
        - Andy (I think) mentioned that our group is heavy on developers; however, not everyone in this group is comfortable with or have the skills needed for developing the web application.  
        - Those who will serve the developer role should probably the ones who not only enjoy the developer role but also have a decent amount of experienced in relevant skills.
    - One idea to bring up in the next weekly meeting is to assign pairs for our team members.  
        - Basically, we implement pair programming, except we don't just limit this to the developer role.  
        - Allows members in the pair to check on each other.  
    - Pomodoro Technique  
        - It turns out that we do have some information about what is expected in our application (edit: Professor Powell gave us even more information in the lecture on January 20, 2021). Allen extracted 6 slides containing requirements from the Pomodoro Technique slide deck and created a new one that summarizes what we should keep in mind.  
        - In the 150 page PDF about the Pomodoro Technique by Francesco Chirillo, we only need to read objectives I-III to understand the foundation of the timer.  
    - What happened in previous iterations of this course?  
        - There is a PR and deduction system, which seems in our current quarter. It's not relevant to the project, though, so we can ignore it.
        - There is an emphasis on artifacts (SDLC documents) and final product.
    
## Tasks to complete

- ~~Submit the 3 assignments due Jan 20, by midnight.~~
- For Allen specifically, continue studying the Pomodoro Technique and upload the slides from week 1 that contain some of the requirements of our web application.
- Continue reviewing the rules on our contract and adding to that document.
    - Make a signed copy of your contract too.
- Let everyone know to complete the 10-15 second video so Teresa has time to put together the video.
