# Jan. 25th 2021 Design Team Meeting (Pomato)

## Meeting Details

- Type of meeting: Impromptu Meeting
- Members present: Teresa, Liam, Donald, Enrique, Allen (had to leave at 2:00 for a class)
- Members absent: Annika, Arman, Justin, Andy
- Meeting location: ZOOM
- Start/finish time: 1:00 PM PST - 3:00 PM PST

## Meeting Goals

1. Remind everyone to look at Sim's Slack message.
2. Review all discussions that have occured in the `#design-team` Slack Channel.
3. Review suggestions placed in Teresa's Google Doc.
4. Centralize designs into one presentable doc for future meetings.

## Meeting Notes
The format of these notes is going to be a bit different. Because many ideas are thrown around in this meeting, we will use __bold__ to indicate which options we went with.

- Allen:
  - Presented document/design notes, __wants design to be very lightweight, nothing super distracting.__
    - We chose this because part of the philisophy is to minimize the effect of distractions. We don't want to introduce more to the user in our application.
  - __Goal should be for user to not put focus on the app itself.__
  - When timer starts, the app should "fade away" from the users awareness.
    - Maybe add a shaded layer over the page to dull out the UI and reduce its attention grabbing features.
    - We didn't go with this because the design team felt it was unecessary. If the user wants to look at the timer, then he should still be able to easily see it.
      - We anticipate the user to not be paying attention to this screen anyway unless we have a serious distraction on it, which we will aim to not add.
  - Sort list of tasks by groups.
    - __Daily Tasks__
      - This is part of the core functionality of the Pomodoro Technique, so we included it.
    - Urgent Tasks
      - Possibly a button to add urgent task button.
        - Add a break when this button is clicked?
      - Ultimately decided not to add this because Allen realized that this probably makes the application not intuitive for the user.
- Teresa:
  - Dominance: __The timer should the focus of the page. Secondly the Todo list.__
    - In fact, we will probably make these as one of the only things on the application to go with Allen's "__wants design to be very lightweight, nothing super distracting__" idea.
  - __Needs a page the user sees the first time they open the webpage.__
    - __Includes: Title, Motto, Input form to start, and small legend for symbols.__
      - __Form to start:__
        - __Takes in your name, then opens the actual pomodoro timer/task list.__
          - This would help personalize the appliation.
    - We want to include this because all of us agree that the Pomodoro Technique is rather obscure, so even though this timer is relatively obscure, it's still going to throw people off because it works differently than one might expect on a normal timer.
  - Adding tasks:
    - __Tasks that have a large expected number of pomodoros should flag the user to split task (decompose) into chunks.__
      - This is another part of the Pomodoro Technique. Francesco wants people to be able to be able to better visualize their tasks.
  - __Task list is hidden/pulls-up from the bottom of the screen.__
    - Makes the screen even less cluttered.
- Liam:
  - Brought up concerns and suggestions about timing, and recommended amount of pomodoros.
  - Suggests adding recommendation/tooltips to remind user they are going over/under their estimate.
    - This is a good idea, but we want to try to figure out if there's a simpler way to show this.
  - __Add a legend of symbols used.__
    - This will specifically be on the initial page as part of our explanation of the Pomodoro Technique
  - Add a list of features to present on Friday for the Dev Team to consider.

- Enrique:
  - __Add a warning to user that their task list is final once they've finished adding tasks.__
    - Part of the philospohy of the Pomodoro Technique is that you should know your priorities, but we agreed that people won't expect this, so it's better to notify the user about this feature.

## Tasks to complete

- Everyone
  - Attend Wednesday's Discussion.
  - Find a time we can all meet with Sim weekly.
- Donald
  - Create a Google Slides of the drawing/pdf Teresa made.
    - Add explanations that Liam sent.
  - Share with group once finished. Use for presentation on Wednesday and Friday.
