# Feb. 4th 2021 Dev Team Meeting (Pomato)

## Meeting Details

- Type of meeting: Impromptu Meeting
- Members present: Donald Wolfson, Arman Mansourian, Annika Hatcher, Teresa Truong, Justin Lee, Andy Young, Enrique Gan, Liam Stone
- Members absent: Allen Zou
- Meeting location: ZOOM
- Start/finish time: 4:00 PM PST - 6:00 PM PST

## Meeting Goals

1. Look at code structure options, "html in js"/"js in html"/separate object instance etc.
2. Go over a code style guide, preferably get everyone a linter or restyle with CI/CD.
3. Get everyone on board with the current prototype and familiar with the different kind of challenges we will run into.
4. Figure out specific UI/UX features and how difficult they would be to implement. If something is hard but wanted, we can work on an easier version first and then work towards the end goal.
5. Go over the limitations of paper.css for mobile friendliness and extensibility/custom styling.
6. An issue with the current approach is although it is pretty reliable, I am re rendering the entire tbody and re adding every event listener each time which isn't the best in terms of performance.
7. If we go with a custom css approach, we can easily track edit/non edit mode with input's `disabled` property.

## Meeting Notes

- Discussed Andy's mockup; pros and cons.
  - Determined that Paper CSS might be too much dependecy and not customizable enough.
- Created an [ADR Wiki](https://github.com/DonaldWolfson/cse110-w21-group29/wiki/ADR)
  - This will hold examples of the libraries we plan to make, their helper methods, and a small representation of the object.
  - This will also be used for a future assignment, but don't worry about that for now.
- Split Dev Team into Psuedo-groups for working on both libraries:
  - Task List:
    - Andy Young,
    - Annika Hatcher
  - Timer / Session:
    - Donald Wolfson,
    - Enqrique Gan,
    - Justin Lee
- Decided to use [AirBnB's](https://airbnb.io/javascript/#coercion--booleans) style guide for our code.
  - Update: justification for using AirBnB is in the [Style Workflow](https://github.com/DonaldWolfson/cse110-w21-group29/blob/specs_cleanup/specs/adrs/021421-style-workflow.md) ADR.
- Decided to use `class` over `prototype` because its friendlier to other languages.
- Breakout Groups to work on code for the last 20 minutes.
