# Feb. 5th Weekly Meeting, Sprint 1 Planning Meeting (Pomato)

## Meeting Details

- Type of meeting: sprint_planning
- Members present: Allen Zou, Andy Young, Annika Hatcher, Arman Mansourian, Don Wolfson, Enrique Gan, Justin Lee, Liam Stone, Teresa Truong
- Members absent: None
- Meeting location: ZOOM
- Start/finish time: 4:00 PM PST - 5:00 PM PST

## Meeting Goals

1. Quick standup
    - What did you do yesterday?
    - What will you do today?
    - Are there any impediments in your way?
2. Dev meeting summary
3. Manager meeting summary
4. Outline what we want done by Sunday (midnight)
5. Jump to break-out rooms
    - Task-list dev group
    - Timer dev group
    - Design group
      - Might disperse design team into the other three rooms.
    - DevOps group
6. Reconvene and closing thoughts

## Meetings Notes

1. Did a quick standup to check in on how things are going and confirmed that the tasks to complete are met in the previous meeting [notes](https://github.com/DonaldWolfson/cse110-w21-group29/blob/specs_cleanup/admin/meetings/012921-brainstorm.md).
   1. Everyone plans to do some form of work this weekend.
2. Dev Meeting Summary and Manager Meeting Summary were skipped for brevity. Links to each of these summaries are provided below.
    - [Development Meeting Summary](https://github.com/DonaldWolfson/cse110-w21-group29/blob/specs_cleanup/admin/meetings/020421-dev.md)
    - [Manager Meeting Summary](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/14QBA3EqcdfnLHZ_X8PtCfNaYSIar35WBkhnIpqScuXc/edit#slide=id.p)
4. Went over what tasks need to be done for Sunday (check Tasks To Complete Section).
5. Breakout Rooms:
   1. Group 1: All of Dev Team (decided it's better to not split the development team and do that in a different meeting)
      1. Finished the System Diagram Design.
      2. Agreed to all meet in seperate groups at least on Sunday.
   2. Group 2: DevOps
      1. Discovered Github's JavaScript Linter, and discussed pros and cons of AirBnB's vs. Github's.
        - Link to the [ADR](https://github.com/DonaldWolfson/cse110-w21-group29/blob/specs_cleanup/specs/adrs/021421-style-workflow.md) for these styles.
   3. Group 3: Teresa & Allen
      1. Worked on the Project Pitch, specifically the personas.
      2. Fleshed out a few of the sections.
      3. Asked for everyone to look over Pitch.
         1. Need to add images from Teresa's design and System Diagram. References are below.
            - [Brainstorm directory](https://github.com/DonaldWolfson/cse110-w21-group29/tree/main/specs/brainstorm)
            - [Figma Prototype](https://www.figma.com/file/0xkjAbdUK1WsQjAqwKRYTc/WIP-Pomodoro-Timer-Application-Brainstorm?node-id=0%3A1)

## Tasks to Complete

1. [Project Pitch](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19lx0esAgKXT46Hux8fxdI1QgA17BEmbv5__f53QVyC8/edit).
     - Need to finish the [design](https://www.figma.com/file/0xkjAbdUK1WsQjAqwKRYTc/(WIP)-Pomodoro-Timer-Application-Brainstorm?node-id=0%3A1).
     - Need to finish the [System Diagram](https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_lW4ck0Y=/).
     - Need to set up a time to present pitch to Sim.
2. Foundations completed by Monday THE LATEST.
