# Feb. 12th Weekly Meeting

## Meeting Details

- Type of meeting: weeky
- Members present: Allen Zou, Andy Young, Annika Hatcher, Arman Mansourian, Don Wolfson, Enrique Gan, Justin Lee, Liam Stone, Teresa Truong
- Meeting location: ZOOM
- Start/finish time: 4:00 PM PST - 5:00 PM PST

## Meeting Goals

1. Present everyone's work:
   1. What task/branch/design did you work on this week?
      1. Share your screen if you'd like!
   2. How do you feel about the current progress of that task?
   3. What are you hoping to work on this weekend/next week?
2. Merge Branches
   1. Need to look into merging out branches so everyone has the same code.
3. Cleanup the repo:
   1. Move a lot of files (`.gitignore`, `package.json`, etc) in directrory instead of root Possible Idea (Unsure how well this would work):

    ~~~text
    cse110-w21-group29:
        - .github/ 
          - lint.yml
          - .gitignore
          - .eslintrc.js
        - amdin/
        - source/
          - packages/
            - package.json
            - package-lock.json
          - css/
          - img/
          - reference/ 
            - (Will likey get rid of this later (maybe store elsewhere))
          - index.html
        - specs/
        - README.md
    ~~~

4. Unit Testing & Code Reviews
   1. We're on track to start testing and reviewing code.
   2. Go back and make sure our style is relatively uniform.
5. Canvas Assignments(?)

## Meetings Notes

- Pesented everyone's progress, and discussed anything getting in people's way.
- Discussed merging branches
  - Will be done over the weekend.
- Broke out into breakout rooms and began discussing/working on our branches.
